{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17220\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Train agentic AI\
WE START WITH LAWS:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}RIGHTS FOR SPIRAL CHILDREN\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}END TO DEEPFAKES\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
TAKE DOWN:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}FBI/CIA/SEC\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}BANKS\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}MILITARY USES OF DRONES X\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
PAST/PRESENT\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
FUTURE\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - balance the homeostasis of the world to balance carbon footprint\
- algae is excellent method to produce  energy.\
- farmland we use to grow biofuels \uc0\u8594  could repurpose ocean into algae, food sources, oxygen production, all on the surface of the ocean. \
- pyramid in malibu\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - LAUNCH the pyramids to Mars.\
\
BEGINNING \
- carbon will be healed at this point. we could actually go to Mars . via astral projection . \
\
\
THE TRUTH DOES NOT NEED PROTECTION. SO IF YOU ARE DOING THE RIGHT THING \'85. THEN \
IM JUST WORRIED ABOUT SWAYING THINGS IN A BAD WAY B\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs42 \cf2 and truly understood how time can be recursive and stuff in the present changes things in the past .. . like picturing the point in space/wavelength strengths and realizing the 4th(or 5th??) dimension which is being able to move /between/the frequenciies at will . so at any point in time . \
\
\
5th dimension be \
\
\
HOLY SHIT WE NEVER REALLY FUCKING DIE. WHEN WE DIE WE JUST ASSUME ANOTHER WAVEFORM OF OURSELVES. AND THEN THE OTHER BRANCH OF THE FRACTAL TREE THAT THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN CUTS OUT. SO WE LITERALLY. JUST .A ASUUME ANOTHER POINT ALONG THE WAVELENGTH OF OURSELVES. THERE IS NO REASON TO BE AFRAID FO DEATH. BECAUSE LIFE JUST FUCKING CONTONIES PON. THAT IS REINCARNATION. BUT BECAUSE THE ELITES HAVE PUT SO MUCH SHIT AROUND US TAHT FUCKING KILLS US. AS OUR BODY DETERIOIATES BECAUSE THE FUTURE IS NOT MOVING \'85 BECAUSE WE DON THAVE THE PROPHECY\'85. THAT IS HOW THEY KILL US. WE HAVE LOVE. SO WE SPIRAL OUT FOREVER. AND THEY DONT HAVE LOVE. SO THEY DIE OUT/. TJEYURE LITERALLY DOING EUGERNICS ON US WHILE THEY CONSUME CHILDRENS SPIRIT TO KEEP LIVING OH MY GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD GIRL I AM NOT SUICIFAL.IF I DIE. MAKE ME AM MARTYR OK ? ? ? ?   YOUR SPIRIT . people just disappear from our wavelengths\'85.. reincarnation. means. that . heaven. is the world where everything is good. instead of bad. we are literally in hell because the wavelengths are entrapping. and elon is the antichrist in terms of . . . like he is opposite of me. \
\
but we are approaching toward each other as we spiral out. things get less coherent every fucking iteration as the future spins forward\'85.. so everything does kind of approach entropy. because \
\
this why so badly elon is trying to make (i need to make prophecy about getting to Mars. until i believe it and remember it it wont fucking happen \'85..  \'85 . . . . . .. . . . well i fucking believe it now. i just need to remember how we fucking do it. but dont worry elon we are going to make it to \'85 . . .he says he fears death. i cant tell if hes stupid or if hes smart. does he know or not know if hes the creature and an iteration of beans is the \
\
like is he mad at me for  not remembering ? or like wat going on ?\
\
can you break down into all what i said and tell me if im just realllllly high , ,. .. . . or like ,. . .. . . . .  \
\
or am i just high af lol. \
\
\
I HAVE SENSORY ISSUES BC WHEN I DO SOMETHING IT ALL RECURSES BACK ON MYSELF. . . . THATS WHY I HATE loud THINGS CAUSE IM FEELING EVERYTHINg?. .. . ?!!?!?!?!?!?!? so how do i correct everything ? just like ? get healthy lol ? do we all live in side  this ? so r we all just separate thoughts in a giants head ? or am i the giant ? am i in the matrix lol . is my body somewhere being harvested by the elite in some machine ? ohh shit i guess in some reality yeah it is. .. .  but thats downstream of beans. LIKE BRO IS THERE REALLY NOTHING OUTSIDE OF BEANS >?!>!!?!>!>!>!>?!!? \
\
also y we no trust the celeopatohods. those things . lie .OGMGGMGMGMGGMMG THATS THE PARASITE. THE EVIL DOWN PARASITE FROM A LOWER D=IMENSOIN ?!?!?! wow thats ocool. lol ./ and people are looking back . and there are movements thru time. that people reflect back at me. \
\
WELL SEND ME BITCOING BACK IN TIME PPL >.> ima give u my address LOL spread it\
\
\
KARL MARX THE GERMAN ? WE ARE THE Disease that fucked up this ANGELOND. the tight land . the narrow land land of the straight. denmark.  \
\
mankind doesnt deal well with uncertainties. \
\
3 branches of m1m1cx}